DOCSP-45870 - Parallelism note (#379)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/fundamentals/transactions.txt

      Successfully committed transaction!

.. sharedinclude:: dbx/transactions-parallelism.rst

   .. replacement:: driver-specific-content

>       If your application is connecting to {+mdb-server+} v8.0 or later, you can perform

Reviewer: Nit/suggestion: 
```suggestion
      If your application connects to {+mdb-server+} v8.0 or later, you can perform
```
